# Evening 6.4
## JS: Week in Review
* statements & expressions
* functions
  * declarations vs. expressions
* primitive types
  * string
  * number
  * null & undefined
  * boolean
    * strict vs. loose equality
* object
  * bracket vs. dot notation
* array
  * map
  * filter
  * reduce
* DOM manipulation
  * querying elements in document tree
  * modifying elements
  * creating elements
  * appending elements to document tree
* HTTP
  * asynchronous vs. synchronous

### JS Next Steps
* third party libraries
  * lodash
  * superagent
  * jQuery (deprecated)
* resources:
  * YDKJS:
    * [*Up & Going*](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS/tree/master/up%20%26%20going)
    * [*ES6 & Beyond*](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS/tree/master/es6%20%26%20beyond)
  * MDN:
    * [JavaScript Guide](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide)
    * [A re-introduction to JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/A_re-introduction_to_JavaScript)

## Pair Work

### Conceptual
Take turns explaining to your partner your understanding of these concepts:
* statements & expressions
* function declarations & expressions
* values & types
* map, filter & reduce
* variables & scope
* object methods & properties
* DOM tree (document) & *elements*
* asynchronous & synchronous code
* callback functions

### Code Review
Take turns reviewing and explaining your code for the JS exercises this week. Make sure to hit each of these points in the following checklist:
* Does the code work? Does it perform its intended function, the logic is correct etc.
* Is all the code easily understood?
* Does it conform to coding conventions? Check location of braces, variable and function names, line length, indentations, formatting, and comments.
* Is there any redundant or duplicate code?
* Is the code as modular as possible?
* Can any global variables be replaced?
* Is there any commented out code?

For a complete example of a code review checklist in a professional environment see [Fog Creek's Code Review Checklist](http://blog.fogcreek.com/increase-defect-detection-with-our-code-review-checklist-example/).
